content/deals/eqt-digital-bridge-data-centers.md, before:

+++
title = 'EQT Acquisition of DigitalBridge Data Center Portfolio'
date = 2024-04-22
draft = false

buyer = 'EQT AB'
buyer_description = 'A global investment organization headquartered in Stockholm with approximately EUR 232 billion in assets under management across private equity, real assets, and venture capital strategies.'

seller = 'DigitalBridge Group, Inc.'
seller_description = 'A global digital infrastructure investment firm managing over $80 billion in assets, specializing in data centers, cell towers, fiber networks, and edge infrastructure.'

asset = 'Data Center Portfolio (North America)'
asset_description = 'A portfolio of 12 hyperscale and enterprise colocation data centers located across key North American markets, totaling approximately 450 MW of critical IT load capacity.'

deal_value = '$6.8 billion'
sector = 'digital'
geography = 'North America'
status = 'announced'
source_url = ''
+++

EQT has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a portfolio of data center assets from DigitalBridge, marking one of the largest pure-play data center transactions in recent years.

## Strategic Rationale

The transaction capitalizes on surging demand for data center capacity driven by artificial intelligence workloads and enterprise cloud migration. The portfolio's strategic locations in major interconnection hubs provide access to key cloud on-ramps and enterprise customers.

## Key Considerations

- Existing long-term contracts with hyperscale cloud providers and large enterprise tenants
- Expansion capacity of approximately 200 MW across multiple sites
- Transaction subject to customary regulatory approvals

Commit message:

Implement comprehensive 20-point improvement plan for deals platform
Phase 1 - Data Foundation:
- Add 45 new deal content files (50 total) spanning 2023-2026
- Deals across all 5 sectors, 6 geographies, all 3 statuses
- Add summary, date_added, value_usd_billions, currency fields
- Dynamic filter options generated from data

Phase 2 - Functionality:
- Multi-select checkbox filters for sector, geography, year, status
- Date range filter (from/to date inputs)
- Deal value range filter with preset buttons and custom inputs
- CSV export for filtered view and all deals
- Shareable URLs with full filter/sort/pagination state
- Sortable columns with numeric value sorting via USD equivalents

Phase 3 - Design & UX:
- Color-coded status badges (announced/closed/terminated)
- Mobile-responsive card layout for table on small screens
- Pagination with page size selector and jump-to-page
- Standardized currency display with USD equivalents for non-USD deals
- "New" badge on deals added in last 14 days
- Expandable summary rows on click

Phase 4 - Analytics:
- Summary statistics dashboard (total deals, value, avg size, by status)
- Stats update dynamically when filters are applied
- Chart.js trend visualizations (volume by year, value by year, sector donut, geography bar)
- Interactive sector chart (click to filter)
- Geographic distribution cards with bar indicators

Phase 5 - Engagement:
- Functional newsletter signup with Formspree integration and validation
- Success/error feedback messages with auto-dismiss
- "Last Updated" timestamp with update frequency note
- Updated archetype with new fields for future deals

https://claude.ai/code/session_016Ybki5Rfe1AMYG7pYUmc3K

content/deals/eqt-digital-bridge-data-centers.md, after:

+++
title = 'EQT Acquisition of DigitalBridge Data Center Portfolio'
date = 2024-04-22
draft = false

buyer = 'EQT AB'
buyer_description = 'A global investment organization headquartered in Stockholm with approximately EUR 232 billion in assets under management across private equity, real assets, and venture capital strategies.'

seller = 'DigitalBridge Group, Inc.'
seller_description = 'A global digital infrastructure investment firm managing over $80 billion in assets, specializing in data centers, cell towers, fiber networks, and edge infrastructure.'

asset = 'Data Center Portfolio (North America)'
asset_description = 'A portfolio of 12 hyperscale and enterprise colocation data centers located across key North American markets, totaling approximately 450 MW of critical IT load capacity.'

deal_value = '$6.8 billion'
sector = 'digital'
geography = 'North America'
status = 'announced'
source_url = ''
summary = 'EQT acquires 12 hyperscale and colocation data centers from DigitalBridge, capitalizing on AI-driven demand for digital infrastructure.'
date_added = 2024-08-01
value_usd_billions = 6.8
currency = 'USD'
+++

EQT has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a portfolio of data center assets from DigitalBridge, marking one of the largest pure-play data center transactions in recent years.

## Strategic Rationale

The transaction capitalizes on surging demand for data center capacity driven by artificial intelligence workloads and enterprise cloud migration. The portfolio's strategic locations in major interconnection hubs provide access to key cloud on-ramps and enterprise customers.

## Key Considerations

- Existing long-term contracts with hyperscale cloud providers and large enterprise tenants
- Expansion capacity of approximately 200 MW across multiple sites
- Transaction subject to customary regulatory approvals
